[terra-content-container] Fixing the border appearing on click (#3835)
cerner/terra-core: packages/terra-content-container/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> * Changed
>   * Updated focus style when `setFocusOnContainer` is not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed
  * Fixed issue of focus outline when `setFocusOnContainer` is not set.
```

>   * Addressed the focus style on click issue when `setFocusOnContainer` is not set

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Updated focus style when `setFocusOnContainer` is not set.
```

   * Added `setFocusOnContainer` prop to provide scroll capability for keyboard only users. (Requires Jest Snapshot updates)
   * Added `borderColor` prop for allowing consumers to change the border color to dark or white depending upon the color of the content container 

> * Changed

Reviewer: this change log should be moved to Unreleased section ( above the released version )

Author: Updated
